Drop support for Python 3.8 and 3.9 (#1083)
collective/icalendar: docs/contribute/development.rst

Active development takes on this branch.

icalendar version 6 is on the branch `6.x <https://github.com/collective/icalendar/tree/6.x/>`_.

> It is compatible with Python versions 3.10 - 3.14, and PyPy3.10.

Reviewer: This line describes the 6.x branch, not main/7.x. The 6.x branch still has `requires-python = ">=3.8"` with classifiers for Python 3.8-3.13.

Should remain unchanged:

```suggestion
It is compatible with Python versions 3.8 - 3.13, and PyPy3.
```

Or reword the paragraph to distinguish between 6.x (compatibility branch, 3.8+) and main/7.x (3.10+).
